DED-323 adding introduction and updating screens in Agent App Overview (#1256)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/extending-agent-app/index.mdx

desc: "You can extend the LiveChat Agent App with widgets, buttons, and other UI elements. Build the native-feel LiveChat integrations."
---

# Introduction

> This document presents how you can change and extend the LiveChat App and its interface, so it is personalized and follow your needs. You can do it using [Chat Actions](/extending-agent-app#chat-actions) or [App locations](/extending-agent-app#app-locations).

Reviewer: And then we would have to adjust the second sentence in this paragraph

> This document presents how you can change and extend the LiveChat App and its interface, so it is personalized and follow your needs. You can do it using [Chat Actions](/extending-agent-app#chat-actions) or [App locations](/extending-agent-app#app-locations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document presents how you can change and extend the LiveChat App and its interface, so it is personalized and follow your needs. You can do it by mounting/putting/placing your app in one of the available [App locations](/extending-agent-app#app-locations).
```

Reviewer: mounting/putting/placing - not sure which is best or maybe there's a better option

Reviewer: by configuring your app to be displayed in one of the available app locations" - longish but most true

Author: seems long, I agree...but...I like it as it is because, like you wrote above, most true. I will change it this way :)

> # Chat Actions

Reviewer: Bullet list 
<img width="801" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42515529/195295120-dbe8f65b-b3e4-4ab2-890f-6ba2fa6e1f77.png">
